"A goal is just a dream with a deadline." - Drake
"My mother made me truly appreciate women."
"Everybody dies but not everybody lives." - Drake
"I'm trying to do better than good enough." - Drake
"I was born to make mistakes, not to fake perfection."
"No matter how dirty your past is, your future is spotless."
"Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume."
"When all is said and done, more is always said than done."
"I'm dying to be a great dad one day, whenever that day comes."
"Before you give up, think of the reason you held on so long."
"I'm always going to work like I have something to prove." - Drake
"Accept yourself. You don't have to prove shit to no one except yourself."
"Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination."
"You said I love you, and I said it too. The only difference is I didn't lie to you."
"I live for the nights that I can't remember, with the people that I won't forget." - Drake (Quote on Friendship)
"Always smile more than you cry, give more than you take, love more than you hate."
"Cause myself just told myself, "You the motherfuckin' man, you don't need no help."
"The ideal girl is driven, working on something other than modeling or being a singer."
"You know life is what we make it, and a chance is like a picture, it'd be nice if you just take it."
"Live without pretending, Love without depending, Listen without defending, Speak without offending."
"I'm not confrontational, but if someone challenges, I'm not going to back down." - Drake
"The game ain't always fair and that's the thing though. You can play your heart out, everybody don't get a ring though."
"Nobody understood what it was like to be black and Jewish... being different from everyone else just made me a lot stronger."
"Trying to meet new women, it's always a little more difficult as opposed to calling somebody I knew that's single and trying to rebuild that connection."
"Mind in one place, heart in another."
"Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time."
"Judge me, and you'll have no time left to love me."
"I know they say the first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest."
"Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser."
"You can always tell how much you love someone by how much they can hurt you."
"Wish you would learn to love people and use things, and not the other way around."
"I used to think you took my breath away, then I realized I was suffocated by your bullshit."
"Just as I predicted, here we go again. They always say the hottest love has the coldest end."
"All so convinced that you're following your heart, cause your mind don't control what it does sometimes."
"Tables burn, bridges burn, you live and learn."- 'Poundcake'
"If I ever loved I'll always love you that's how I was raised."- 'Keep the family close'
"You're still the one that I adore, ain't much out there to have feelings for."- 'Own it'
"I like it when money makes a difference but don't make you different."- 'From Time'
"I need someone that'll help me think of someone besides myself."- 'Girls Love Beyonce'
"I realise I waited too long, but please don't..." ...move on, you don't need no one else."- 'Sooner Than Later'
"Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness... if you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness."- 'Forever'
"We coulda worked it out but I guess things change... It's funny how someone else's success brings pain."- 'Say Something'
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chilling with no make up on.. that's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong."- 'Best I Ever Had'
"You love me and I love you... your head hurts and mine does too. And it's just words and they cut deep but it's our world, it's just us two."- 'Look What You've Done'
"Haters are just confused admirers."
"Count your blessings, not problems."
"Life can always change, you have to adjust."
"Kill them with success and bury them with a smile."
"Everybody has an addiction, mine happens to be success."
"Haters will broadcast your failures, but whisper your success."
"Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart."
"People will wish you all the success in the world and then hate you when you get it."
"Smile and let everyone know that today, you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday."
"It's never too late to realize what you want in your life and it's never wrong to fight for it."
"Strength isn't always shown in what you can hold on to, sometimes it's shown in what you can let go of."
"Say that you a lesbian, girl, me too" - 'Girls Want Girls'
"We prolly be out in Silicon tryna get our billions on."
"I just gave out Grammies on my Instagram."
"Nothin' really comes as a surprise right now 'cause we just havin' the time of our lives right now."
"‘Bout to call your ass an Uber. I got somewhere to be."
"I don't know why they been lying, but your shit is not that inspirin'."
"You need to act your age and not your girl's age."
"In case another chance never comes around, you, you can thank me now."
"I got no friends in this, Momma. I don't pretend with this, Momma. I'on joke with this, Momma."
"Know I don't call enough, Momma, I just been working with so little time for personal, Momma."
"You and the six raised me right, that shit saved my life."
"My ex asked where I'm going, I said moving on to other things."
"I can't get over you, you left your mark on me..."
"But do I ever come up in discussion, over double-pump lattes and low-fat muffins?"
"Im not even Christian, I still went to church that year"
"Got so many chains they call me chaining tatum"
"Yeah, I never fucked Nicki 'cause she got a man. But when that's over, then I'm first in line"
"I mean, she say I'm obsessed with thick women and I agree. Yeah, that's right, I like my girls BBW. Yeah, type that wanna suck you dry and then eat some lunch with you"
"If amazing was a young bitch I'd be going to jail..... cause I'm fucking amazing."
"Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin' with your other man"
"I ain't had sex in a long time... are we having sex tonight?"
"Hey y'all get some more drinks goin' on, I'll sound a whole lot better."