If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as cute as you, I’d have five cents
Are you my laptop? Because you’re really hot, and I’m concerned.
Could you possibly get me a glass of water? I’m suddenly really thirsty.
Look, I’ve been blinded by your beauty. My insurance company is going to need your name and number.
Your eyes are like Ikea. I’m totally lost in them.
Are you my untied shoelace? Because I’m falling for you.
I think I’ve seen you in a book somewhere. it was really fine print.
I want you to know that I am 100% committed to this Tinder relationship.
Be honest: Is this match at first sight for you too?
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
You must be terrible at hide and seek. Someone like you is so hard to find!
Look, I won’t flirt with you. I’ll just be extra friendly to someone who is extra attractive.
If you were a fruit, you’d be a fineapple.
Do you like bagels? Because you’re bae goals.
Do you know what I have in common with the Little Mermaid? We both want to be part of your world.
Are you from space? Because you’re out-of-this-world good-looking.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
Do you ever wear fishnet stockings? Because you’re a real catch.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. How did I get so lucky to match with you?
If you were a taser, you’d be set to stun.
Do you play soccer? You look like a keeper.
Are you a gardener? I like your tulips.
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice!
Did you fall into a pile of sugar? You’re looking super sweet.
Do you like cheese? Would you like to brie with me?
Just wanted to let you know: You have some cute on your face.
Are your parents bakers? They sure made a cutie-pie.
Do you have an Instagram account? Because my mother always told me to follow my dreams…
I think I saw you on Spotify. You were listed as the hottest single.
bet I know when your birthday is: Oct. 10. Because you’re a 10/10
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
I hope you know CPR because you’re taking my breath away.
Have you been speeding? Because you’ve got “fine” written all over you.
I need a real estate agent—do you know any? I’m trying to make a move here.
All your pics came through at a 45-degree angle. Guess you’re acute-y.
Are you HTTP? Because without you I’m just ://
Is there a rainbow outside? I think I just found gold.
Do you know the square root of two? Because I feel irrational around you.
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus, and I must be a tiny wooden stick—we’re a match.
Hey, I’m writing an article on the finer things in life, and I was hoping I could interview you.
I would ask you to come to the movies with me, but they have a rule against bringing your own snacks.
I just bought a kiss-proof lipstick, and I want to test it out.
On a scale of one to 10, I’m a nine. But you’re the one I need.
I guess the pandemic is far from over because your smile is contagious.
Are you a good cuddler? Because if so, I might let you join my gang.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or shall I delete this match and try again?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you be?
Are you my oven? Because you’re hot, and I want you to make me dinner.
You look so familiar! Did we have chemistry together?
Let’s just set an anniversary date right now.
Just call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you.
Are you my lost luggage? Because I’ve been having so much trouble finding you.
You’re so gorgeous, I forgot my best pickup line.
Have you been to the doctor recently? I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.
You’re pretty, and I’m cute. Together we could be pretty cute!
I’m not really this tall. I’m just sitting on my wallet.
Do you know what’s on the menu tonight? Me-n-U.
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Hey! Tie your shoes…I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Excuse me…I’m a bit lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
You know…if stealing men’s hearts was a crime, you’d be sentenced to life.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Hi, I’m [insert name]. I’m your assigned date for the night, compliments of the management.
Excuse me, I find it hard to believe that someone as beautiful as you is on this app.
Can you pinch me? [Why] Because I can’t believe you’re real…I thought I was dreaming.
This is your lucky day because I just happen to be single.
I had a dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
Baby, you must be a broom, cuz you just swept me off my feet.
Hi, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cutecumber.
Is your dad an alien? Because you are out of this world.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Are you a wifi signal? Because I’m really feeling a strong connection.
Excuse me, do you have a name? I need it for my prayers tonight.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can’t imagine my future without you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fineapple.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Husband/wife material.
Do you have a Band-Aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I’m not a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Is your dad a baker? Because you're a cutie pie!
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
Do you know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking we should hang out.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Can I follow you where you go? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Are you a mermaid? Because I’m drowning in your beauty.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got "fine" written all over you.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Do you have a Band-Aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
Are you a library book? Because I can't stop checking you out.