Alas, if mine purse held a nickel for every time mine eyes beheld one as fair as thee, I would possess a sum of five cents.
Pray, art thou my laptop? For thou art hot as the fires of Hades, and I fear for thy well-being.
Might I request a glass of water, fair maiden? For suddenly, my throat doth grow parched.
Behold, thy beauty hath blinded mine eyes! Pray, thy name and number for the sake of mine insurance.
Thine eyes are like unto the labyrinth of Ikea; I am utterly lost within them.
Art thou perchance mine untied shoelace? For verily, I feel myself falling for thee.
Methinks I have seen thee in a volume of fine print.
Pray, know that I am devoted wholly to this Tinder courtship.
Pray, be honest with me: was it love at first sight for thee as well?
Art thou French, perchance? For I am falling for thee like the Eiffel Tower.
Methinks thou would make a poor player of hide-and-seek, for one as lovely as thee would be hard to find indeed!
I shall not flirt with thee, fair maiden; rather, I shall be extra friendly towards one as comely as thee.
If thou wert a fruit, thou wouldst be a fineapple.
Pray, dost thou enjoy bagels? For thou art truly bae goals.
Dost thou know what I have in common with the Little Mermaid? We both desire to be a part of thy world.
Art thou from the stars, perchance? For thou art out of this world fair.
If thou wert a vegetable, thou wouldst be a cute-cumber.
Dost thou ever don fishnet stockings? For thou art a real catch.
Roses are red, violets are blue; how lucky am I to have matched with one as fair as you?
If thou wert a taser, thou wouldst surely be set to stun.
Pray, dost thou play soccer? For thou lookest like a keeper.
Art thou a gardener? For I find myself enamoured with thy tulips.
How much doth a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice, methinks!
Dost thou possess a sweetness akin to that of sugar? For thou art looking super sweet.
Dost thou enjoy cheese? Wouldst thou care to brie with me?
I simply wished to inform thee that thou hast some cute upon thy visage.
Pray, were thy parents bakers? For they have surely made a cutie-pie.
Dost thou possess an Instagram account? For my mother didst always advise me to follow my dreams...
Methinks I saw thee upon Spotify, listed as the hottest single.
I wager I know thy birthday: October the tenth, for thou art a 10/10.
Art thou enabled with Bluetooth? For I feel that we might be paired together.
I do hope thou knowest CPR, for thou art stealing away mine breath.
Hast thou been speeding? For thou hast the word "fine" written all over thee.
Pray, might thou recommend a real estate agent? For I am looking to make a move here.
All of thy pictures have come through at a 45-degree angle. Methinks thou art quite acute-y.
Oh, fair maiden, dost thou see a rainbow outside? For I believe I have discovered gold in thy presence.
Pray tell, dost thou know the square root of two? For when I am near thee, I feel a most irrational fervor.
Thou art like a small amount of red phosphorus, and I a tiny wooden stick - together, we are a match made in heaven.
Good sir, I am composing an article on life's finer things, and I would be most honored to interview thee.
I would ask thee to accompany me to the cinema, but alas, they forbid the bringing of one's own refreshments.
I have recently acquired a lipstick impervious to kisses, and I am eager to put it to the test.
I have recently acquired a lipstick impervious to kisses, and I am eager to put it to the test.
On a scale of one to ten, I consider myself a nine. But thou art the one I require.
Verily, the pandemic is far from over, for thy smile is as contagious as any malady.
Art thou a proficient cuddler? For if so, thou art most welcome to join my clan.
Dost thou believe in love at first sight, or shall I erase this match and try again?
If thou couldst assume the guise of any comic book hero, who wouldst thou choose?
Art thou my oven? For thou art hot, and I yearn for thee to cook me a meal.
Thou seemest most familiar! Did we perhaps share a chemistry class?
Let us establish an anniversary this very moment.
Call me Shrek, for I am head ogre heels for thee.
Art thou my lost luggage? For I have been searching tirelessly for thee.
Hast thou recently visited a physician? For I believe thou art lacking in vitamin me.
Thou art lovely, and I am charming. Together, we could be positively enchanting!
In truth, I am not so tall - I am merely perched upon my wallet.
Dost thou know what is on the menu tonight? Me-n-U.
I have recently become an organ donor, for I would bestow upon thee my heart.
Excuse me, wouldst thou kindly tie thy shoes? For I would not have thee fall for another.
Prithee, might thou direct me to the location of thy heart? For I am lost, and thou art the only guide I seek.
If purloining men's hearts were a crime, thou wouldst be condemned to a lifetime sentence.
Art thou a magician? For when I gaze upon thee, all others vanish from sight.
Hail, fair lady! I am [insert name], thine appointed date for the eve, courtesy of the management.
Forgive me, but it is hard to believe that one as exquisite as thee is present on this app.
Prithee, might thou pinch me? For I cannot fathom that thou art real - I thought I was but dreaming.
Rejoice, for this is a fortunate day, as I happen to be single.
Last night, I dreamt of thee. Wouldst thou consider making it a reality?
My dearest, thou must be a broom, for thou hast swept me off my feet.
Greetings, the voices within my head have instructed me to come hither and speak with thee.
If thou wert a vegetable, thou wouldst be a cutecumber.
Art thy father an alien? For thou art otherworldly in thy beauty.
Alas, I possess no library card - might I peruse thy pages instead?
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Thou art like my heart's sweet twin sister, fair and lovely.
Art thou a wondrous Wi-Fi signal, for I do feel a strong and steady connection between us.
Prithee, might I know thy name, for it doth belong in my prayers this eve?
Hast thou a map? Forsooth, mine eyes have lost their way in thy bewitching gaze.
Art thou a traveler of time? For without thee, I cannot envision my future.
Dost thou know of what my shirt is made? It is of a material suitable for a lover, such as thyself.
Art thou a camera? For each time I look upon thy countenance, my heart doth smile.
If thou wert a fruit, thou wouldst be a fine apple indeed.
Knowest thou of what my shirt is made? It is of a material befitting a spouse, like unto thyself.
Hast thou a Band-Aid, for I have scraped my knee, falling head over heels for thee.
I am no genie, yet I shall make thy dreams come true, my love.
Hast thou a map, for mine eyes continue to lose their way in thy enchanting gaze.
Is thy father a baker? For thou art a cutie pie.
If thou wert a vegetable, thou wouldst be a cute-cumber indeed.
Dost thou know what I am thinking? I am thinking that we should spend time together.
Art thou a magician? For every time I gaze upon thee, all others do vanish from my sight.
May I follow thee wherever thou goest, for my parents didst always tell me to pursue my dreams.
Art thou a mermaid? For I feel myself drowning in thy beauty.
Knowest thou of what my shirt is made? It is of a material befitting a lover, like unto thyself.
Art thou a parking ticket? For thou art truly "fine" in every sense of the word.
I am no photographer, yet I can envision us together as a pair.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Is thy name Google? For thou dost possess all that I have sought and searched for.
Hast thou a Band-Aid, for I have scraped my knee, falling head over heels for thee.
Might I know thy name, or shall I have the honor of calling thee mine own?
Hast thou a map, for I find myself lost in the depths of thy captivating gaze.
Art thou a library book? For I cannot resist checking thee out.