Yo, you’re looking bare nice, still.
You’re hotter than a Tim Hortons coffee.
Aye, could you grab me a cup of water? I’m parched, eh.
Yo, you’re so peng that I’m shook.
Your eyes are like the CN Tower, fam. I’m lost in them.
You’re more beautiful than a sunset at Woodbine Beach.
You’re a snack, like a poutine from Smoke’s.
I must’ve seen you on Ossington. You’re a real gem, eh.
I’m 100% down for this Rizzify t’ing, you know.
Is it love at first sight for you, too, or am I trippin’?
You’re so fine, I’d take you to King’s Palace for dim sum.
If you were a streetcar, I’d ride you all night long.
Aye, do you come here often or what?
You’re more beautiful than a Drake song, fam.
Is your name Dundas? Because you’re the heart of the city.
You’re a real catch, like a fish from Kensington Market.
You’re a 10/10, like a Jays win against the Yankees.
Yo, do you have a light? Because you’re a straight-up fire ting.
Are you from the 6ix? Because you’re out-of-this-world peng.
If you were a Blue Jay, I’d never trade you.
You’re a cute-cumber, like a salad from Fresh.
You’re hotter than the subway platform in the summer.
You’re more beautiful than the Toronto skyline, fam.
Do you like bacon? Because you’re bae-con.
You’re so fine, I’d take you to the AGO for a date.
Yo, are you a Leafs fan? Because you have my heart.
You’re more beautiful than a fall day in High Park.
You’re a snack, like a Jamaican patty from Patty King.
Is your name Spadina? Because you’re always on my mind.
You’re a cutie-pie, like a butter tart from Wanda’s.
Yo, do you have Instagram? I want to follow you, still.
You’re hotter than a Drake verse, fam.
Is your name Yonge? Because you’re the longest street in the city, and I’m never letting you go.
You’re a 10/10, like a Raptors win in the playoffs.
You’re a peng ting, like a latté from Balzac’s.
You’re more beautiful than a sunset at the Scarborough Bluffs.
If you were a TTC bus, I’d never miss my stop.
You’re a snack, like a cronut from Roselle.
Is your name Queen? Because you’re the queen of my heart.
You’re a cutie-pie, like a cupcake from Dufflet.
Yo, do you have a phone charger? Because I’m trying to stay connected to you.
You’re more beautiful than a summer day at Trinity Bellwoods.
You’re a peng ting, like a cold brew from Pilot.
I just bought a kiss-proof lippie, and I wanna test it out.
On a scale of one to 10, I’m a nine. But you’re the one I need, fam.
I guess the pandemic is far from over because your smile is contagious, eh.
Are you a good cuddler? Because if so, I might let you join my squad.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I delete this match and try again, eh?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you be, fam?
Are you my oven? Because you’re hot, and I want you to make me dinner, eh.
You look so familiar! Did we have chemistry together, fam?
Let’s just set an anniversary date right now, eh.
Just call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you, fam.
Are you my lost luggage? Because I’ve been having so much trouble finding you, eh.
You’re so peng, I forgot my best pickup line, fam.
Have you been to the doctor recently? I think you’re lacking some vitamin me, eh.
You’re pretty, and I’m cute. Together we could be pretty cute, fam.
I’m not really this tall. I’m just sitting on my wallet, eh.
Do you know what’s on the menu tonight? Me-n-U, fam.
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart, eh.
Yo, tie your kicks...I don’t want you falling for anyone else, fam.
Excuse me...I’m a bit lost. Can you give me directions to your heart, eh?
You know...if stealing mans' hearts was a crime, you’d be sentenced to life, fam.
Yo, are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears, eh.
Yo, what’s poppin’? I’m [insert name]. I’m your assigned date for the night, compliments of the mandem, fam.
Excuse me, I find it hard to believe that someone as beaut as you is on this app, eh.
Can you pinch me? Why? Because I can’t believe you’re real...I thought I was dreaming, fam.
This is your lucky day because I just happen to be single, eh.
I had a dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality, fam?
Baby, you must be a broom, cuz you just swept me off my feet, eh.
Yo, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you, fam.
If you were a veggie, you’d be a cutecumber, eh.
Is your dad an alien? Because you are out of this world, fam.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out, eh?
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams, fam.
Are you a wifi signal? Because I’m really feeling a strong connection, eh.
Excuse me, do you have a name? I need it for my prayers tonight, fam.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes, eh.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can’t imagine my future without you, fam.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material, eh.
Yo, are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile, fam.
If you were a fruit
convert it better
Sure, I'll do my best to convert the pickup lines to Toronto slang. Here it goes:
Just bought a kiss-proof lippy, wanna see if it can handle a 9 like me?
COVID still out here 'cause your smile's contagious, eh?
You a cuddle expert? Maybe you can join my squad.
You believe in love at first sight, or should I unmatch and try again, fam?
If you could be any comic book character, who'd you be, bruh?
You're hot like an oven, can you whip up dinner for me?
Yo, you look familiar, did we have chem together in high school or what?
Let's mark our anniversary date right now, no cap.
I'm head over heels like Shrek for you, ting.
Been having trouble finding you like my lost luggage, still interested tho.
You're so peng, I forgot my best pickup line, damn.
Yo, you been to the doc lately? 'Cause I think you're lacking vitamin me.
You're pretty and I'm cute, together we could be a pretty cute ting.
I'm not really this tall, just sitting on my wallet, you know what I'm sayin'?
The menu tonight is me-n-u, what do you say?
Just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart, b.
Hey, tie your shoes, don't want you falling for anyone else, eh?
Excuse me, could you give me directions to your heart, please?
If stealing men's hearts was illegal, you'd be sentenced to life, still down to risk it?
You must be a magician, 'cause everyone else disappears when I look at you, fam.
Hey, I'm [insert name]. I'm your date for the night, compliments of the management, you feel me?
It's hard to believe someone as peng as you is on this app, still lucky I swiped right.
Can you pinch me? I can't believe you're real, thought I was dreaming, jheez.
This is your lucky day, 'cause I just happen to be single, holla.
Had a dream about you last night, wanna make it a reality, b?
Baby, you must be a broom, 'cause you just swept me off my feet, straight up.
Yo, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you, know what I'm saying?
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cutecumber, lol.
Is your dad an alien? 'Cause you're out of this world, fam.
Don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out, eh?
Do you have a twin sister? 'Cause you look like the girl of my dreams, no lie.
Are you a wifi signal? 'Cause I'm really feeling a strong connection, you know.
Excuse me, do you have a name? Need it for my prayers tonight, bless up.
Do you have a map? 'Cause I just got lost in your eyes, jeez.
Are you a time traveler? 'Cause I can't imagine my future without you, fam.
You know what my shirt's made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material, truss me.
Are you a camera? 'Cause every time I look at you, I smile, no cap.
Are you a camera? 'Cause every time I look at you, I smile, no cap.